add how to upgrade node (#334)
Conflux-Chain/conflux-documentation: docs/general/run-a-node/run-a-node.md

For a Full Node, requirements are the following:

* At least 16GB of RAM(32GB is recommended), 4 CPU cores.
* A minimum of 1.5TB free disk space (SSD is recommended).
* A stable internet connection.

> * Linux XFS file system is performance but not stable, **ext4 is recommended**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* While the Linux XFS file system offers performance benefits, it is not as stable; therefore, **ext4 is recommended** for its reliability and stability.
```

curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST –data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"cfx_clientVersion","params":[],"id":67}' 127.0.0.1:12537
```

### Step 7: Keeping Your Node Updated

> Make sure to keep your Conflux node software updated to the latest version to ensure compatibility with the network and to include the latest features and security patches.

Reviewer: Better to add 
```suggestion
Make sure to [keep your Conflux node software updated](./how-to-upgrad.md) to the latest version to ensure compatibility with the network and to include the latest features and security patches.
```
